team 1 vs. team 0
-249 vs. -252
Lamar&Rory vs. catcat
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 2 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
C&G vs. catcat
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -75
C&G vs. Lamar&Rory
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
CLAYLEX vs. catcat
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 3 vs. team 1
-253 vs. -248
CLAYLEX vs. Lamar&Rory
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
CLAYLEX vs. C&G
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies vs. catcat
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 1
-253 vs. -248
Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies vs. Lamar&Rory
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 4 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies vs. C&G
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies vs. CLAYLEX
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 0
-203 vs. -206
Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste vs. catcat
bcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 5 vs. team 1
-367 vs. -87
Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste vs. Lamar&Rory
bcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 5 vs. team 2
-147 vs. -173
Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste vs. C&G
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 5 vs. team 3
-201 vs. -205
Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste vs. CLAYLEX
bcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 5 vs. team 4
-367 vs. -86
Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 6 vs. team 0
-3 vs. -3
greedy copycat vs. catcat
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
greedy copycat vs. Lamar&Rory
bcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 6 vs. team 2
-4 vs. -4
greedy copycat vs. C&G
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 3
-3 vs. -3
greedy copycat vs. CLAYLEX
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 4
-251 vs. -247
greedy copycat vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bccbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 6 vs. team 5
-198 vs. -195
greedy copycat vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 7 vs. team 0
-248 vs. -252
nipplewaters vs. catcat
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 1
-250 vs. -250
nipplewaters vs. Lamar&Rory
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 2
-75 vs. -375
nipplewaters vs. C&G
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 7 vs. team 3
-249 vs. -252
nipplewaters vs. CLAYLEX
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 4
-247 vs. -253
nipplewaters vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 5
-92 vs. -364
nipplewaters vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcb

team 7 vs. team 6
-248 vs. -253
nipplewaters vs. greedy copycat
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 0
-147 vs. -147
RBGbitDeadpool vs. catcat
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbcccc
cbbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccc

team 8 vs. team 1
-385 vs. -62
RBGbitDeadpool vs. Lamar&Rory
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 2
-81 vs. -178
RBGbitDeadpool vs. C&G
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcbbbcbcbbcbbbbccccccbc
cbccbcbccbcbcbccbccccccbccbcbcbcccccbcbccbcbcbcbccbcccbccbccbccbcbcbccccccccccbccccccbcccbcccbcbccbcccbcccbcbcccbccccbcbccccccbcbcbcccbcbcbcbccccbccccbcbccbccccbccbcbcbcbcbccbcbcccccccb

team 8 vs. team 3
-150 vs. -155
RBGbitDeadpool vs. CLAYLEX
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbb
cbbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbb

team 8 vs. team 4
-246 vs. -114
RBGbitDeadpool vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcbbbcbcbbc
cbbbbbbbcbbbbbbbbbcccccbbbbbbbbbccccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbccbbbbbcbbbbbbbbbcccccccccbbbccccbbccbbbcbbbbcbbbcbbccbbbbccbbcccbbbbbccccbbbbbbccbbbbbbbbbccbbcccbbbbbbbcccbbcbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 5
-114 vs. -169
RBGbitDeadpool vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbc
bbccbcbcbcbccbccbbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbccbccbcbbcccbccbbccbcccccbcbccbccccccbcccbcccbcbccbcccbcccbcb

team 8 vs. team 6
-146 vs. -150
RBGbitDeadpool vs. greedy copycat
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcb
bcbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbc

team 8 vs. team 7
-386 vs. -61
RBGbitDeadpool vs. nipplewaters
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 0
-215 vs. -219
Profound Samurai vs. catcat
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbb
cbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 9 vs. team 1
-333 vs. -135
Profound Samurai vs. Lamar&Rory
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 2
-84 vs. -207
Profound Samurai vs. C&G
bcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbb
cbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcb

team 9 vs. team 3
-214 vs. -220
Profound Samurai vs. CLAYLEX
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbb
cbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcb

team 9 vs. team 4
-331 vs. -136
Profound Samurai vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 5
-118 vs. -197
Profound Samurai vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bccbcbbccbbcbccbcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbb
bccbccbcbcbbbcccbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbbcbcbccbbcbcbcbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcb

team 9 vs. team 6
-214 vs. -214
Profound Samurai vs. greedy copycat
bccbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbc
bcccbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcb

team 9 vs. team 7
-334 vs. -134
Profound Samurai vs. nipplewaters
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 8
-142 vs. -191
Profound Samurai vs. RBGbitDeadpool
bcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbccbcbbc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcc

team 10 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
Pokemon Master vs. catcat
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -249
Pokemon Master vs. Lamar&Rory
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
Pokemon Master vs. C&G
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
Pokemon Master vs. CLAYLEX
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
Pokemon Master vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 5
-205 vs. -201
Pokemon Master vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 10 vs. team 6
-4 vs. -4
Pokemon Master vs. greedy copycat
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 7
-253 vs. -247
Pokemon Master vs. nipplewaters
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 8
-152 vs. -148
Pokemon Master vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcb

team 10 vs. team 9
-219 vs. -214
Pokemon Master vs. Profound Samurai
cbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbc
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 11 vs. team 0
-4 vs. -4
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. catcat
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 1
-499 vs. 97
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. Lamar&Rory
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 11 vs. team 2
-4 vs. -4
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. C&G
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 3
-4 vs. -4
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. CLAYLEX
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 4
-7 vs. -3
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 5
-45 vs. 6
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccbccccccccccccccccbccccccccbcbccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccccccbcccbcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccccccccbccccc

team 11 vs. team 6
-2 vs. -2
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. greedy copycat
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 7
-499 vs. 97
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. nipplewaters
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 11 vs. team 8
-227 vs. 43
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. RBGbitDeadpool
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbcc

team 11 vs. team 9
-235 vs. 44
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. Profound Samurai
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbb

team 11 vs. team 10
-3 vs. -3
Brown Bits 2.0 vs. Pokemon Master
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
Shaleb vs. catcat
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
Shaleb vs. Lamar&Rory
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
Shaleb vs. C&G
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
Shaleb vs. CLAYLEX
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
Shaleb vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 5
-130 vs. -103
Shaleb vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcccccccccccccccbcccccccccbcbcbcccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbcbcccccccccbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbbccccccccccccccbbccccccccbcbcbbccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbcbbccccccccbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 12 vs. team 6
-4 vs. -4
Shaleb vs. greedy copycat
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 7
-376 vs. -74
Shaleb vs. nipplewaters
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 8
-172 vs. -76
Shaleb vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbccbcbccbcbcbccbccccccbccbcbcbcccccbcbccbcbcbcbccbcccbccbccbccbcbcbccccccccccbccccccbcccbcccbcbccbcccbcccbcbcccbccccbcbccccc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbccccc

team 12 vs. team 9
-205 vs. -83
Shaleb vs. Profound Samurai
cbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcc
bcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbcc

team 12 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
Shaleb vs. Pokemon Master
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 11
-4 vs. -4
Shaleb vs. Brown Bits 2.0
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. catcat
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 1
-500 vs. 100
loyal vs. Lamar&Rory
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. C&G
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. CLAYLEX
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 5
-58 vs. 11
loyal vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bccccccbcbccccbccccbccccccccccbcccbccbbbccbccccbccbccbccccccccccccccccccccbccccccbccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccbccccccccccbcccccccccccbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccc

team 13 vs. team 6
-4 vs. 0
loyal vs. greedy copycat
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 7
-500 vs. 100
loyal vs. nipplewaters
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 8
-229 vs. 45
loyal vs. RBGbitDeadpool
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbcccc

team 13 vs. team 9
-235 vs. 46
loyal vs. Profound Samurai
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbcbccbccbcbbccbbc

team 13 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. Pokemon Master
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 11
-4 vs. 0
loyal vs. Brown Bits 2.0
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vs. Shaleb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 0
-248 vs. -252
backstabber vs. catcat
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 1
-250 vs. -250
backstabber vs. Lamar&Rory
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 2
-74 vs. -377
backstabber vs. C&G
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 14 vs. team 3
-248 vs. -252
backstabber vs. CLAYLEX
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 4
-248 vs. -252
backstabber vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 5
-87 vs. -367
backstabber vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bcbbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbc

team 14 vs. team 6
-248 vs. -252
backstabber vs. greedy copycat
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 7
-250 vs. -250
backstabber vs. nipplewaters
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 8
-64 vs. -384
backstabber vs. RBGbitDeadpool
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbb

team 14 vs. team 9
-133 vs. -334
backstabber vs. Profound Samurai
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbc

team 14 vs. team 10
-249 vs. -252
backstabber vs. Pokemon Master
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 11
97 vs. -499
backstabber vs. Brown Bits 2.0
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 12
-74 vs. -376
backstabber vs. Shaleb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 14 vs. team 13
100 vs. -500
backstabber vs. loyal
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. catcat
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. Lamar&Rory
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 15 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. C&G
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. CLAYLEX
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 5
-178 vs. -153
loyal vengeful vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbcbcbcbcbccccbcbcb
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbcbbcccbcbcbc

team 15 vs. team 6
-3 vs. -3
loyal vengeful vs. greedy copycat
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 7
-376 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. nipplewaters
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 15 vs. team 8
-182 vs. -79
loyal vengeful vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbccbcbccbcbcbccbccccccbccbcbcbcccccbcbccbcbcbcbccbcccbccbccbccbcbcbccccccccccbccccccbcccbcccbcbccbcccbcccbcbcccbccccbcbccccccbcbcbcccbcbcbc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbb

team 15 vs. team 9
-206 vs. -84
loyal vengeful vs. Profound Samurai
cbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbc
bcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbc

team 15 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. Pokemon Master
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 11
-3 vs. -3
loyal vengeful vs. Brown Bits 2.0
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. Shaleb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 14
-377 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 0
-230 vs. -129
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. catcat
ccccccccccbcbcccccccbcbbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cccccccccccbbccccccccbbbbbcbbbcbbbbcbbbcbbbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbcbbbc

team 16 vs. team 1
-370 vs. -83
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Lamar&Rory
cbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 2
-104 vs. -134
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. C&G
ccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccccbcbbcccccbcbbcccccccbcbbbcbcbcbcbc
cccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccbcbccccccbcbccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 16 vs. team 3
-157 vs. -162
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. CLAYLEX
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 16 vs. team 4
-315 vs. -73
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
ccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 5
-171 vs. -157
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbcbcbcccbcbbccccccbcbcbbcbbccbcbcbcbcbcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bcbcbbccbcbcbcccccccbcbbcbcbcccbcbcbcbbcccccbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccbcccbcbcbcbcbcbbccb

team 16 vs. team 6
-196 vs. -199
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. greedy copycat
cbcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbbcbcbcbcb
bcccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbbcbcbcbc

team 16 vs. team 7
-370 vs. -83
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. nipplewaters
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 8
-165 vs. -104
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbccbcbccbcbcbccbcccccbbccbbcbcbccccbcbccbbcbcbcbcbcccbcbcccbcbccbcbcccccbbcccbcccccbcccbbcccbcbccbccbbcccbcbccbcbcccbcbccccccbcbcbcccbcbcbcbccbbcccccbcbccbccbcbccbbcbbcbcbccbcbcccccccbbc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcbbbcbcbbcbbbbccccccbccb

team 16 vs. team 9
-205 vs. -98
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Profound Samurai
cbcbccbcccbcbcccbcbccbcccbcbcccbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbcccbcbcccbbcbcbcccbcbcccbccbcbccbccbcccbccbcbcccbcbccbcb
bcbbcbbccbbcbccbcbbcbbccbbcbccbcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbcbbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbcbcbbccbcbbccbbc

team 16 vs. team 10
-189 vs. -192
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Pokemon Master
ccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 16 vs. team 11
3 vs. -30
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Brown Bits 2.0
cbcccccccccccccccccbcccccccccccccbcccbcccccbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccbbcccccccccc
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 12
-96 vs. -129
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. Shaleb
ccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbbbcccbbcccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccccbcbcbc
cccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbccccbccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccbcbcb

team 16 vs. team 13
8 vs. -43
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccbccccccccccbccccccccccbccccbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbccccbcccccccccccbcbcccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 14
-366 vs. -88
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 15
-140 vs. -164
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
ccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccbcbcbbcccccccccbcbcbbccccccccccbc
cccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccbcbcbccccccccccbcbcbcccccccccccb

team 17 vs. team 0
-215 vs. -215
betray every 3rd round vs. catcat
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
ccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 17 vs. team 1
-334 vs. -133
betray every 3rd round vs. Lamar&Rory
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 17 vs. team 2
-50 vs. -249
betray every 3rd round vs. C&G
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc

team 17 vs. team 3
-216 vs. -216
betray every 3rd round vs. CLAYLEX
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
ccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 17 vs. team 4
-326 vs. -136
betray every 3rd round vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
ccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 17 vs. team 5
-90 vs. -241
betray every 3rd round vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
bcbccbccbccbbcbccbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbccbbcbccbcbcbbcbcbccbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbbcbc

team 17 vs. team 6
-214 vs. -219
betray every 3rd round vs. greedy copycat
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
bccbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 17 vs. team 7
-334 vs. -133
betray every 3rd round vs. nipplewaters
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 17 vs. team 8
-116 vs. -241
betray every 3rd round vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbcccc

team 17 vs. team 9
-219 vs. -215
betray every 3rd round vs. Profound Samurai
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbb

team 17 vs. team 10
-214 vs. -218
betray every 3rd round vs. Pokemon Master
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
ccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 17 vs. team 11
63 vs. -332
betray every 3rd round vs. Brown Bits 2.0
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 12
-50 vs. -250
betray every 3rd round vs. Shaleb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 17 vs. team 13
66 vs. -331
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 14
-334 vs. -133
betray every 3rd round vs. backstabber
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 17 vs. team 15
-50 vs. -250
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 17 vs. team 16
-78 vs. -242
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbbcbcbcbcbccbccbccbbcbccbccbccbccbcbbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbbcbccbccbccbcbbbcbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbccbccbcc

team 18 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. catcat
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 1
-254 vs. -246
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Lamar&Rory
cbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 18 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. C&G
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. CLAYLEX
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 5
-205 vs. -201
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 18 vs. team 6
-4 vs. -4
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. greedy copycat
cbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 7
-255 vs. -244
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. nipplewaters
cbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 18 vs. team 8
-150 vs. -146
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. RBGbitDeadpool
cbccbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcbbbcbcbbcbbbbccccccbc
bbcbbbccbbbcbbcbccccccbbcbcbbbcccccbbbbcbbbbbbbbcbcccbbcbccbbcbcbcbccccccccccbbcccccbcccbbccbbbccbbccbcccbbbcccbccccbcbbcccccbbbcbcccbbbcbbbbcccbccccbbbbcbccccbccbcbbbcbcbbcbbbbccccccbcc

team 18 vs. team 9
-217 vs. -214
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Profound Samurai
cbcbccbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbb
bcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbbcbcbbcbbc

team 18 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Pokemon Master
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 11
-4 vs. -4
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Brown Bits 2.0
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. Shaleb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 14
-253 vs. -247
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. backstabber
cbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 18 vs. team 15
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 16
-178 vs. -171
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
cccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcb
ccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbb

team 18 vs. team 17
-217 vs. -214
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc




	Each column shows score earned per round against each other player.


	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	P15	P16	P17	P18	
P0	0	-249	0	0	0	-203	-3	-248	-147	-215	0	-4	0	0	-248	0	-230	-215	0	
P1	-252	0	-376	-253	-253	-367	-252	-250	-385	-333	-252	-499	-375	-500	-250	-376	-370	-334	-254	
P2	0	-75	0	0	0	-147	-4	-75	-81	-84	0	-4	0	0	-74	0	-104	-50	0	
P3	0	-248	0	0	0	-201	-3	-249	-150	-214	0	-4	0	0	-248	0	-157	-216	0	
P4	0	-248	0	0	0	-367	-251	-247	-246	-331	0	-7	0	0	-248	0	-315	-326	0	
P5	-206	-87	-173	-205	-86	0	-198	-92	-114	-118	-205	-45	-130	-58	-87	-178	-171	-90	-205	
P6	-3	-248	-4	-3	-247	-195	0	-248	-146	-214	-4	-2	-4	-4	-248	-3	-196	-214	-4	
P7	-252	-250	-375	-252	-253	-364	-253	0	-386	-334	-253	-499	-376	-500	-250	-376	-370	-334	-255	
P8	-147	-62	-178	-155	-114	-169	-150	-61	0	-142	-152	-227	-172	-229	-64	-182	-165	-116	-150	
P9	-219	-135	-207	-220	-136	-197	-214	-134	-191	0	-219	-235	-205	-235	-133	-206	-205	-219	-217	
P10	0	-249	0	0	0	-201	-4	-247	-148	-214	0	-3	0	0	-249	0	-189	-214	0	
P11	-4	97	-4	-4	-3	6	-2	97	43	44	-3	0	-4	-4	97	-3	3	63	-4	
P12	0	-75	0	0	0	-103	-4	-74	-76	-83	0	-4	0	0	-74	0	-96	-50	0	
P13	0	100	0	0	0	11	0	100	45	46	0	0	0	0	100	0	8	66	0	
P14	-252	-250	-377	-252	-252	-367	-252	-250	-384	-334	-252	-499	-376	-500	0	-377	-366	-334	-253	
P15	0	-74	0	0	0	-153	-3	-74	-79	-84	0	-3	0	0	-74	0	-140	-50	0	
P16	-129	-83	-134	-162	-73	-157	-199	-83	-104	-98	-192	-30	-129	-43	-88	-164	0	-78	-178	
P17	-215	-133	-249	-216	-136	-241	-219	-133	-241	-215	-218	-332	-250	-331	-133	-250	-242	0	-217	
P18	0	-246	0	0	0	-201	-4	-244	-146	-214	0	-4	0	0	-247	0	-171	-214	0	
Total:	-1673	-2506	-2072	-1715	-1545	-3605	-2003	-2504	-2925	-3129	-1744	-2391	-2016	-2400	-2512	-2109	-3467	-2919	-1731	


 Average per round, with team strategy names:

player 0: -89 points: catcat
player 1: -132 points: Lamar&Rory
player 2: -110 points: C&G
player 3: -91 points: CLAYLEX
player 4: -82 points: Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies
player 5: -190 points: Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste
player 6: -106 points: greedy copycat
player 7: -132 points: nipplewaters
player 8: -154 points: RBGbitDeadpool
player 9: -165 points: Profound Samurai
player 10: -92 points: Pokemon Master
player 11: -126 points: Brown Bits 2.0
player 12: -107 points: Shaleb
player 13: -127 points: loyal
player 14: -133 points: backstabber
player 15: -111 points: loyal vengeful
player 16: -183 points: loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
player 17: -154 points: betray every 3rd round
player 18: -92 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is the code that produced this data:

from __future__ import print_function

''' 
PrisonerDilemma.py allows hard-coding different strategies
for the Iterative Prisoners Dilemma, the canonical game of game-theory.
Each strategy plays 100 to 200 rounds against each other strategy.
The results of all previous rounds within a 100-200 round stretch are known
to both players. 

play_tournament() executes the tournament and stores output in tournament.txt

Players should each code their strategies in their assigned section of code.

Aggregated results are stored in tournament.txt

Unpublished work (c)2013 Project Lead The Way
CSE Project 1.3.5 Collaborating on a Project
Draft, Do Not Distribute
Version 8/23/2013 
'''

import random
def play_round(player1, player2, history1, history2, score1, score2):
    '''
    Calls the get_action() function which will get the characters
    'c' or 'b' for collude or betray for each player.
    The history is provided in a string, e.g. 'ccb' indicates the player
    colluded in the first two rounds and betrayed in the most recent round.
    Returns a 4-tuple with updated histories and scores
    (history1, history2, score1, score2)
    '''
    
    RELEASE = 0 # (R) when both players collude
    TREAT = 100 # (T) when you betray your partner
    SEVERE_PUNISHMENT = -500 # (S) when your partner betrays you
    PUNISHMENT = -250 # (P) when both players betray each other
    # Keep T > R > P > S to be a Prisoner's Dilemma
    # Keep 2R > T + S to be an Iterative Prisoner's Dilemma
    
    #Get the two players' actions and remember them.
    action1 = get_action(player1, history1, history2, score1, score2)
    action2 = get_action(player2, history2, history1, score2, score1)
    if type(action1) != str:
        action1=' '
    if type(action2) != str:
        action2=' '
    #return collude if anything other than b or c is returned
    if action1 not in ('c','b'):
        action1 = 'c'
    if action2 not in ('c','b'):
        action2 = 'c'
        
    
    #Append the actions to the previous histories, to return
    new_history1 = history1 + action1
    new_history2 = history2 + action2
    
    #Change scores based upon player actions
        
    #Both players' code provided proper actions
    if action1 == 'c':
        if action2 == 'c':
            # both players collude; get reward
            new_score1 = score1 + RELEASE
            new_score2 = score2 + RELEASE
        else:
            # players 1,2 collude, betray; get sucker, tempation
            new_score1 = score1 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT
            new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
    else:
        if action2 == 'c':
            # players 1,2 betray, collude; get tempation, sucker
            new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
            new_score2 = score2 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT                       
        else:
            # both players betray; get punishment   
            new_score1 = score1 + PUNISHMENT
            new_score2 = score2 + PUNISHMENT
                    
    #send back the updated histories and scores
    return (new_history1, new_history2, new_score1, new_score2)
   
def play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2):
    '''
    Plays a random number of rounds (between 100 and 200 rounds) 
    of the iterative prisoners' dilemma between two strategies.
    identified in the parameters as integers.
    Returns 4-tuple, for example ('cc', 'bb', -200, 600) 
    but with much longer strings 
    '''
    number_of_rounds = random.randint(100,200)
    moves1 = ''
    moves2 = ''
    score1 = 0
    score2 = 0
    for round in range(number_of_rounds):
        moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
            play_round(player1, player2, moves1, moves2, score1, score2)
    return (moves1, moves2, score1, score2)

def get_action(player, history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score, getting_team_name=False):
    '''Gets the strategy for the player, given their own history and that of
    their opponent, as well as the current scores within this pairing.
    The parameters history and opponenet history are strings with one letter
    per round that has been played so far: either an 'c' for collude or a 'b' for 
    betray. The function should return one character, 'c' or 'b'. 
    The history strings have the first round between these two players 
    as the first character and the most recent round as the last character.'''
      
    ######
    ######
    #
    # This example player always colludes
    if player == 0:
        if getting_team_name:
            #if there was a previous round just like 
            return 'catcat'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy      
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            else:
                # if there was a previous round just like the last one,
                # do whatever they did in the round that followed it
                recent_round_opponent = opponent_history[-1]
                recent_round_me = history[-1]
                            
                #go through rounds before that one
                for round in range(len(history)-1):
                    prior_round_opponent = opponent_history[round]
                    prior_round_me = history[round]
                    #if one matches
                    if (prior_round_me == recent_round_me) and \
                            (prior_round_opponent == recent_round_opponent):
                        return opponent_history[round]
                    if (prior_round_me == history [-2]) and \
                            (prior_round_opponent == recent_round_opponent):
                        return opponent_history[-2]
            
                if history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                    return 'b' 
                else:
                    return 'c'             
                            
    ######
    ######
    #
    #This example player always betrays.      
    elif player == 1:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Lamar&Rory' 
        else: 
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude 
                 return 'b' 
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='b': 
                 return 'b' # betray if they were severely punished last time 
            #else: #use history, opponet_history, score, opponet_score,  
                   #to compute strategy    
            #    return 'c' #otherwise collude 
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c': 
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'








    ######
    ######
    #   
    #This example player is silent at first and then 
    #only betrays if they were a sucker last round.
    elif player == 2:
        if getting_team_name: 
            return 'C&G' 
        else: 
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude 
                return 'c' 
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b': 
                return 'b' 
            else: 
                return 'c' 


    
    
    
    
    # EACH STUDENT TEAM CAN CHANGE ONE OF THESE elif SEGMENTS OF CODE.










    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 3:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'CLAYLEX'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            elif opponent_history[-1] == 'c':
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'











    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 4:
        if getting_team_name: 
            return 'Fire Breathing Rubber Duckies' 
        else: 
            if len(opponent_history)==0: 
                return 'c' 
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b': 
                return 'b' 
            else: 
                if opponent_history[-1] == history[-1]: 
                    return history[-1] 
                else: 
                    return opponent_history[-2] 

    
    
    








    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 5:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Gangsta Fresh Toothpaste'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: betray
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                if random.random()<0.1: #10% of the other rounds
                    return 'b'         #betray
                else:
                    return 'c'
    
    
    
    





    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 6:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'greedy copycat'
        else:
            # use opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: betray/random
                return 'b'
            elif 'c' > 'b' in opponent_history:
                if score < opponent_score: 
                    return 'b' # betray if their score is higher
                else:
                    return 'c'
            elif 'b' > 'c' in opponent_history: 
                return 'b' # betray them if they've betrayed more
            elif 'c' == 'b' in opponent_history: 
                if score < opponent_score:
                    return 'b'
                else:
                    return 'c'
    










    ######
    ######       
    #
    elif player == 7:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'nipplewaters'
        else: 
            return 'b'
    #Jesus told me to backstab. So that's what I'm going to do.











    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 8:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'RBGbitDeadpool'
        else:
            pi_list = [3, 1, 4, 1, 5, 9, 2, 6, 5, 3, 5, 8, 9, 3, 2, 3, 8, 4, 6, 2, 6, 4, 3, 3, 8, 3, 2, 7, 9, 5, 0, 2, 8, 8, 4, 1, 9, 7, 1, 6, 9, 3, 9, 9, 3, 7, 5, 1, 0, 5, 8, 2, 0, 9, 7, 4, 9, 4, 4, 5, 9, 2, 3, 0, 7, 8, 1, 6, 4, 0, 6, 2, 8, 6, 2, 0, 8, 9, 9, 8, 6, 2, 8, 0, 3, 4, 8, 2, 5, 3, 4, 2, 1, 1, 7, 0, 6, 7, 9, 8, 2, 1, 4, 8, 6, 5, 1, 3, 2, 8, 2, 3, 0, 6, 6, 4, 7, 0, 9, 3, 8, 4, 4, 6, 0, 9, 5, 5, 0, 5, 8, 2, 2, 3, 1, 7, 2, 5, 3, 5, 9, 4, 0, 8, 1, 2, 8, 4, 8, 1, 1, 1, 7, 4, 5, 0, 2, 8, 4, 1, 0, 2, 7, 0, 1, 9, 3, 8, 5, 2, 1, 1, 0, 5, 5, 5, 9, 6, 4, 4, 6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 8, 9, 5, 4, 9, 3, 0, 3, 8, 1, 9, 6, 4, 4, 2, 8 ] 
            pi_list[len(history)]%2
            if pi_list[len(history)]%2==0:
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'


    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 9:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Profound Samurai'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            size = len(history)
            if(size%5==0): #the number of rounds played is a multiple of 5
                return 'b'
            #size = len(history)
            if(size%3==0): #the number of rounds played is a multiple of 3
                return 'b'
            else:
                return 'c'









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 10:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Pokemon Master'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: betray
                return 'c'
            elif history[0]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 11:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Brown Bits 2.0'
        else:
            if len(history)==0: 
                return 'b'
            else:
                return 'c' 
                size = len(history)
            if history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                    return 'c' 
            else:
                return 'b'
            if history[-2]=='b' and opponent_history[-2]=='c':
                    return 'b' 
            else:
                return 'c'
            









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 12:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Shaleb'
        else:
            # use history, oppenent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    


    ######
    ######
    #
    # This example player always colludes
    elif player == 13:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal'
        else:
            return 'c'

    
        
            
                
                    
                            
    ######
    ######
    #
    #This example player always betrays.      
    elif player == 14:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'backstabber'
        else:
            return 'b'








    ######
    ######
    #   
    #This example player is silent at first and then 
    #only betrays if they were a sucker last round.
    elif player == 15:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray if they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude


    
    
    
    
    # EACH STUDENT TEAM CAN CHANGE ONE OF THESE elif SEGMENTS OF CODE.










    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 16:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful occasionally greedy'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                if random.random()<0.1: #10% of the other rounds
                    return 'b'         #betray
                else:
                    return 'c'         #otherwise collude











    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 17:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'betray every 3rd round'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            size = len(history)
            if(size%3==0): #the number of rounds played is a multiple of 3
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'
    
    
    








    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 18:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful with permanent second impression'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy      
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            else:
                # if there was a previous round just like the last one,
                # do whatever they did in the round that followed it
                recent_round_opponent = opponent_history[-1]
                recent_round_me = history[-1]
                            
                #go through rounds before that one
                for round in range(len(history)-1):
                    prior_round_opponent = opponent_history[round]
                    prior_round_me = history[round]
                    #if one matches
                    if (prior_round_me == recent_round_me) and \
                            (prior_round_opponent == recent_round_opponent):
                        return opponent_history[round]
                # no match found
                if history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                    return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
                else:
                    return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







def play_tournament(num_players):
    #create a list of zeros, one per player
    scores = []
    for i in range(num_players):
        scores += [0]
    
    
    ''' Get the team name from each team algorithm'''
    #create a list of the right length
    team_names = range(num_players)
    for player in range(num_players):
        team_names[player] = get_action(player,'','',0,0,getting_team_name=True)
             
    # each element will become a column for each player
    # range is just to get list of correct size
    result_table=range(num_players)     
    moves_table=range(num_players) 
    
    
    for player1 in range(num_players):  
        # create the column for each player
        # range just to get list of correct size
        result_table[player1]=range(num_players) 
        result_table[player1][player1]=0 # initialize unused diagonal to 0
        moves_table[player1]=range(num_players)
        # play a game between with every other player of lower number
        for player2 in range(player1):
            moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
                play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2)
            
            rounds = len(moves1)
            score1_per_round = score1/rounds 
            score2_per_round = score2/rounds
            
            result_table[player1][player2]=score1_per_round
            result_table[player2][player1]=score2_per_round
            
            moves_table[player1][player2] = moves1
            moves_table[player2][player1] = moves2
            
            #accumulate the results for the two players
            scores[player1] += score1*1.0/len(moves1)#ends up same as column sum
            scores[player2] += score2*1.0/len(moves2)#ends up same as column sum
     
    '''report round-level results in a data file'''
    use_datafile=True
    if use_datafile:
        # use the same directory as the python script
        import os.path              
        directory = os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))  
        
        #name the file tournament.txt
        filename = os.path.join(directory, 'tournament.txt')
        #create the file for the round-by-round results
        results = open(filename,'w')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            for player2 in range(player1):
                # store the results in the file
                #title by team numbers
                results.write('team ' + str(player1) + 
                              ' vs. ' + 'team ' + str(player2) +'\n')
                #title by player-on-player average score
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2]) + 
                              ' vs. ' + str(result_table[player2][player1])+'\n')
                #title by team names
                results.write(team_names[player1] + 
                             ' vs. ' + team_names[player2] + '\n')
                #show the moves, aligned vertically
                results.write(moves_table[player1][player2] +'\n')
                results.write(moves_table[player2][player1] +'\n')
                #blank line between each pair's results
                results.write('\n')
            
        #at the bottom repeat the output that was sent to the screen
        #print a title for the table
        results.write('\n\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n\n')
        #print header line
        results.write('\t') #skip 1st column
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player1)+'\t') # label each additional column
        results.write('\n')
        
        #print each player's scores
        for player2 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player2)+'\t') #label the player's row
            for player1 in range(num_players):
                #print score against each other player
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2])+'\t') 
            results.write('\n')
        results.write('Total:\t')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write(str(int(scores[player1]))+'\t')
        results.write('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')       
    
        #print team ids, total scores, and names
        for player in range(num_players):
            results.write('player ' + str(player) + ': ' + \
                    str(int(scores[player])/num_players) + ' points: '+\
                    team_names[player]+'\n')
                    
                    
        #append the file showing algorithms
        results.write('\n\n' + '-'*79 + '\n' + \
                    'Here is the code that produced this data:\n\n')
        this_code_file = open(__file__, 'r')
        for line in this_code_file:
            results.write(line)
                
    '''report the results on screen'''        
    #print a title for the table
    print('\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n')
    
    #print header line
    print('\t', end='') #skip 1st column
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player1, end='\t') # label each additional column
    print()
    
    #print each player's scores
    for player2 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player2, end='\t') #label the player's row
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            #print score against each other player
            print(result_table[player1][player2], end='\t') 
        print()
    #print row of total scores
    print('Total:\t',end='')
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print(str(int(scores[player1])),end='\t')

    print('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')
    #print team ids, total scores, and names
    for player in range(num_players):
        print('player ' + str(player) , ': ' , 
               str(int(scores[player])/num_players) , ' points: ',
               team_names[player])
    
